The list of code projects
The code currently takes in a manually generated list of projects on GitHub stored in this JSON file. It can also be given an org or user accounts and then it also gets every repository owned by those entities in addition to the specifically listed repositories. A major limitation is it won't work with anything not on GitHub, because it uses the Github API to find all the metadata. 
I've manually copied the github links from https://github.com/softwareunderground/awesome-open-geoscience into the JSON file, but ideally you'd have a GitHub Actions script that would scrape all GitHub repository links from the README.md file used in the Awesome list and populate any updates into the YAML file used to fetch the metadata. This approach is a little fragile in the sense that if someone where to add a project to the Awesome List and not follow the standard, format, GitHub Actions script that scrapes the GitHub repo links might fail. I've also considered changing the Awesome List repo's structure such that contributors add new projects to a CSV and CI/CD adds those projects to an automatically created markdown file that forms the human readable Awesome List. This has the advantage that the GitHub repo links are in a structured file in a known location. The cost is the process of submitting a new project is slightly elevated in complexity. This idea is being discussed in this WIP (Work in Progress) Pull Request. 
Getting the metadata
The original LLNL project has a variety of pre-written scripts for the GitHub API that do all the heavy lifting. I've pretty much used them exactly as is and didn't need to change a thing. If I wanted additional metadata from the API or the Github API changed structure, then there might be some needed changes here.
The visualizations
The visualizations are d3.js based and were mostly used as is with exception of some LLNL branding and content that was removed as well as file paths. The file paths needed to be changed as the original ones only work if the website is deployed on its own domain. As a Github Pages page under a repository path, there needed to be changes both to the configuration file _config.yml and to individual file paths in various HTML and JavaScript files. A small number of these are listed in here. For most people who would want to deploy this a a GitHub Pages off their repository, starting with a fork of open_geoscience_code_projects_viz would be easier than starting from the original llnl.github.io repository but there's more to be done that could minimize these complications.
The web framework
The original LLNL software catalog is a Jekyll site with some content written directly in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript and other pages written in markdown that generates HTML, CSS, and JavaScript when deployed. 
The content
The original LLNL software catalog repository is primarily the repository of their actual software catalog website. As such, it has a lot of content that is LLNL specific and not useful to anyone trying to reuse their code. Most of this content is in markdown files within specific sections of the website, which makes removing it relatively simple. You just comment out the links in the header.html file and then delete those folders. Slightly harder is the content that is written into the homepage.html file and other pages that is reused. In the open_geosciene_code_projects_viz repo, I've tried to limit project specific content and terms as much as possible. There's more that could be done in terms of having more of the page names, titles, etc. be generated from the _config.yml file.
